Good morning. My name is Daniil Yakovlev and I'm a student of the physics department of NSU. The theme of my presentation is "Akademgorodok"

My presentation contains the following parts: Introduction. History. Current state. Akademgorodok 2.0. Conclusion.

Let's begin with the introduction. Akademgorodok is one of the most important scientific and educational centers in Russia. Akademgorodok is famous through discoveries in the field of physics, chemistry, biology and economics. In addition, the territory of Akademgorodok is mostly covered with forest, which provides a good environment.

Now, let's move on to the history of Akademgorodok. It was founded in 1957 on the initiative of Academician Michail Lavrentiev, Sergei Sobolev and Sergey Khristianovich. It was the first big scientific center built outside Moscow. In subsequent years, more than 20 institutes, housing areas and the Novosibirsk State University were built. Scientists from all over the Soviet Union came to Academgorodok with their families and stayed there for all their lives.

Now, let's move on to the current state. Science is a heart of Akademgorodok and the main engine of its progress. Detectors and other components for the Large Hadron Collider have been developed at the Institute of Nuclear Physics. The Institute of Thermal Physics deals with the study of actual problems of atmospheric physics. The Institute of Cytology and Genetics is studying viruses from the inside. NSU opens the door to real science for students. Another great step of scientific life of Akademgorodok was the Technopark. It is a place where research turns into industrial technologies.

What awaits us in the future? Akademgorodok 2.0. This is a federal funding project primarily for the science and infrastructure of the academic campus. Many objects will be built, the most famous is the SKIF synchrotron. Apartments for young scientists will also be built. The NSU campus will be expanded.

Now, I would like to summarize that Akademgorodok is a unique town with friendly and nice citizens, wonderful fresh air, mighty forests, its own history and promising scientific environment. I think, Akademgorodok is the best place to live in!

Thanks for your attention. 
